Week 1
We formed the group and decided the group name. Then we discussed which project we want to develop. We discussed the project background and feasibility. 
Finally, we chose wait management system. Otherwise, we opened the account for Jira. As a backend developer I start to learn the framework and database  
system we used.

Week 2
We joined the github group. We had serveral meetings to discuss the project details. We devided the work of the project prototype. We chose Figma as the
tool of drawing the prototype of web pages. As a backend developer, I start to initi a Flask project and keep learning and I tried to write some simple   
examples about the operations of CRUD.

Week 3
We worked on our proposal. After finish the propsal, we started to set up our project. As a backend developer, I tried to set up database with the help of
teammate on the AWS RDS. Otherwise, we created tables in the database and insert the initial data into each table. We also commumicated with the frontend 
developers about the interfaces.

Week 4
We start coding and prepare for the first demostration. As a backend developer, I communicate with the frontend developer about the interface standard.
We have set up a document to record the interface standard. Ohterwise, we decided the developing order of interface module. Most importantly, I deveop 
several interfaces about customer module and successfully connect with the frontend.

Week 5 
We work hard on the sprint 1 and complete the first demostration successfully. After demostration, we hold a retrospective meeting to conclude what well 
done and what need improve. Finally, we summarize a report draft. Otherwise, I continually to develop interfaces about wait staff module, optimize 
developed interfaces and draft next plan. 

Week 6
We write and modify the retrospective report A and prepare for the sprint 2. As a backend developer, I continually to develop interface about wait staff 
module, fix the bug of previous developed interfaces. Otherwise, I communicate with the frontend developer about the new interfaces standard and format. 

Week 7
We prepare the demostration B and develop interfaces. Moreover, we modify the developed interfaces about login module according to the suggestions from 
the tutor. We make the login process more secure and reasonable. Moreover, we add several new interfaces for login process. Otherwise, I continually 
develop new interface as usual.

Week 8
We conduct the demostration B this week. After demostration, we hold a retropective meeting to conclude what well done and what need improve about sprint 
2. Finally, we summerize a report draft. Otherwise, I communicate with the frontend developers about the new interfaces standard and format about manager 
module and start to develop corresponding interfaces.

Week 9
We complete the retropective B report and work for the final demo and final report. I complete all the interfaces this week. However, I still fix the 
existed bug and improve the efficiency of code. The third party functionality of report is assigned to me, so I start looking for the corresponding 
information and start to write the draft. Otherwise, we practice the final demostration several times this week.

Week 10
We complete the final demostration and report successfully and I submit the peer assessment on time. 
